Gabba gabba hey!
Yeah. I know.
Very well done.
Target secured.
Now. where's our--
where's our getaway?
Freeze!
Drop the weapon.
Two against one.
Guy's got a death wish.
Yeah. either that
or he's an idiot.
Either way.
I'm gonna enjoy this.
Thank you. Amar.
Hmm?
Ah.
- Ah.
Mm.
Think she could tell
we tried that recipe
40 times in Flashtime?
- No.
- Yeah. yeah.
So another great babymoon
adventure in the books.
Yeah. tomorrow. we do
that sunset cruise off Kauai.
and then Cabo
for a mezcal nightcap.
At this rate. we are definitely
gonna finish the list
before you're pregnant.
That's great.
CCPD Alert.
There was a break-in
at Corbin Taft Industries.
Do you want me
to drop you off at home?
No. no. no. I'll go with.
I mean. Aariz could use
a day off
from the lab break-in beat.
Okay.
Can we get a doggy bag?
- They don't do that.
- They don't do that?
- No.
Come on.
These plants are great.
Allegra?
Hi. Chuck... and Khione.
Have you ever noticed
that there is nothing natural
inside S.T.A.R. Labs?
I mean.
there aren't even windows.
Are we underground?
Yeah. I can't.
I'm on my way out. so...
Really? 'Cause...
I had a really great time
getting our groove on
the other night. and...
I'm gonna take
such good care of you.
We still haven't talked about
our other close encounter.
Oh. that is a lovely name.
Sure. later.
'Cause right now.
you have science to do.
Oh. yeah. I did find
fragments of Mercer's boomerang
on the dance floor. and I was
gonna run some scans. but--
Great. We'll talk afterwards.
Okay?
I'll be around.
Somewhere.
Her name is Kesha.
No. it's Allegra.
Oh. Hello. Kesha.
Hi.
Why is Allegra afraid of you?
Honestly. I--
I have no idea.
Are you two
not friends anymore?
Oh. no. no.
we're definitely still friends.
Or at least I--
I hope so.
Kesha. meet Bob.
Bob. Kesha.
We ID'd three assailants
from a surveillance feed.
Wozzeck. Mercer.
and a Michelle Amar. AKA--
Murmur. yeah--we did
a story on her last year.
She's a angry med student
turned serial killer
who has now teamed up
with a pair
of ruthless tech thieves.
Well. Amar's definitely
got an upgrade.
These filings left behind
from her weapon.
they're almost impossible
to see without a microscope.
but I think they're
cutting-edge nanocircuitry.
just like the new boomerangs
Mercer is using.
And Wozzeck's new fiddle.
I just interviewed the lab tech
and asked him
what Amar and the others
might have wanted.
He said that a temporal scanner
is missing.
Um...
It's a device that measures
radioactive half-lives.
It tells you
what year you're in.
Why would they need that?
Don't Rogues have
calendar apps?
Everything they've stolen--
the Roemer
accelerator battery...
The sonic gauntlets...
Now a temporal scanner?
They're all components
you'd need
to build a cosmic treadmill.
Do I want to know
what that is?
It's a machine
that uses kinetic energy
to open quantum wormholes
in space and time.
which is a lot of power
in the wrong hands.
Yeah. I didn't.
Godspeed used one in 2049
when he came back to our time.
Now you're telling me
a trio of murderous lunatics
is trying to. what.
build a time machine?
Why?
Whatever their goal is.
it's not all I'm worried about.
There's something worse
than actual time bandits?
If they take a cosmic
treadmill on a crime spree.
they could damage
the timeline itself.
Just one paradox
could permanently alter
the fabric of space-time.
Great. 'cause I wasn't
worried enough before.
I mean. they haven't
built this thing yet.
They're still missing
one major component.
a quantum vibration engine.
Treadmill won't work
without it.
Where can they find
one of those?
I don't know.
But I know someone who might.
So you need
a vibration engine?
Not us. no--the Rogues
that stole your gauntlets.
We think they're working
together to steal one.
So that they can build
a more dangerous weapon.
one that could destroy
the entire timeline.
Well. that sounds
super ominous.
Luckily. those jackasses will
have to get in line behind me.
Don't tell us that
you're thinking of moving
into time travel too.
Oof. no.
I don't need those headaches.
If I had a vibration engine.
I would supercharge
the new gauntlets
I'm working on.
Sadly. there's only
one such engine in existence--
military-grade.
worth a million.
and basically untouchable.
The DOD is keeping it
at a research facility
outside the city.
That's where they're headed.
Maybe the Flash could
contact the DOD
and see if they could move it
to S.T.A.R. Labs
for safekeeping.
Yeah.
that's not gonna happen.
General Eiling?
You know this guy?
Yeah. Team Flash had some...
rough encounters with him
in the past.
He's not gonna listen to us.
So how do we stop them
from stealing the engine?
Well. that's obvious.
We just have to steal it first.
Hartley.
I'm not gonna get caught
stealing from the DOD.
Then don't send the Flash.
Mercer. Wozzeck.
and Amar teamed up
to steal this engine.
so how about we put together
a little team of Rogues
of our own?
Beat them to the punch?
The vibrational engine's
locked inside a secure vault
in Fort L.U.K.I.A.
But the antechamber
is outfitted
with a heavy-duty
meta dampener.
So we want to get
inside that vault.
we need to cut
the dampener's power first.
Okay. and why can't Barry
just run there
and do it himself?
Because the dampener
is powered
by four different generators.
They all need to be
disconnected simultaneously
in order for me
to gain access to the engine.
Also. each generator has
its own unique power source--
cold fusion. thermal.
you name it.
So we're gonna need
four specialists
to take the generators offline.
You mean four criminals.
Can't we take a beat
and find some other folks
that can help us?
There isn't time.
Tomorrow. the DOD's running
war games exercises
out by Masonville.
It's the one night all year
the fort will be understaffed
and our best chance
to make it inside.
But if you'd rather let
a time machine
fall into the hands
of three psychopaths...
That settles it.
We have to trust our own Rogues
to do the right thing.
What if they don't
feel like it?
Time and space flow
like a river.
If our enemies
disrupt the flow.
then we could all drown.
They'll do the right thing.
What choice do they have?
We don't have
a choice either.
I know this plan is risky.
but if we go back
to the drawing board now.
it'll be too late
to get the engine
and keep the timeline safe.
We just need to find out
why these other Rogues
want it to begin with.
Okay. We'll work on that.
You two focus on recruiting
some old friends.
Yeah.
All right.
where do we start. boss?
Well. Mercer and the others
don't have a tech background.
so I'm guessing
they didn't wake up one morning
and say. "Hey. let's build
a time machine."
So you still think
there's a partner.
Yeah. someone
that we haven't met yet
who wants a cosmic treadmill
and is willing to bankroll
an entire operation to get it.
A benefactor.
Chester. can you run
a comparative analysis
on the fragment
from Mercer's boomerang
with the filings that Barry
found on Amar's knife
and see if there's any sort
of connection there?
Yeah.
Khione. do you like
scavenger hunts?
I have no idea.
But I can't wait to find out.
Because we need to see
if you and Allegra can see
if they've stolen any old
Rogue tech from the Starchives
to build their new weapons.
I was hoping
that Allegra could
actually help me on this.
Oh. I don't want Khione
to get lost.
Better get started.
So sorry about that.
There's your chia fusion
oat milk pumpkin spice latte.
hold the whip.
iced. not hot this time.
Sometimes. I can just get
too carried away.
Jaco.
Hey. it's Officer Barry Allen.
You probably don't remember me.
No. of course I do. Hey.
Yeah. you cleared my name
and you got my son back.
What's up. man?
This is gonna sound
kind of strange.
but do you remember
how you said
if I ever needed anything...
Wow. okay.
We need your meta powers
to help save the city.
Hell yeah!
I hate this job.
Let's do this.
Let me get this straight.
You want me to help you
break into a high-tech
facility.
a fortress no less.
to steal
highly classified technology?
And yet you won't help me
bring Frost back?
Forget about it.
I see you're looking for her
at the bottom of that glass.
How's that working out for you?
You know.
if it wasn't for you.
I could have got Frost back
and I wouldn't be
drinking alone right now.
would I?
I should kill you
for what you did.
What's stopping you? Bourbon?
Hey. hey. hey.
I know how much you're hurting.
But we need someone who can
shut down a thermal generator
before Mercer. Wozzeck.
and Amar gain the power
to destroy an entire timeline.
You've helped us before.
I'm asking you to do it again.
We need you now more than ever.
Yeah.
Wait. so you're in?
I'm gonna do what Frost
would have wanted. yeah.
One thing. though.
I am not taking orders
from him.
Hey. it'll be easier
with our next recruit.
He'll trust me.
Okay.
This is trusting you?
He just likes
to make an entrance.
Well. well. well.
if it isn't my old friend.
the Chemist.
Or should I say Officer Allen?
Who's the new sidekick?
I'm nobody's sidekick.
I'm the Pied Piper.
Ah. didn't recognize you
without the hood on.
- Hmm.
- Just like your mama's
not gonna recognize your faces
once my associates and I are
through rearranging them.
You know. I ended up
doing a stint
in Iron Heights because of you.
Yes.
How did you get out?
Easy. Turned state's witness.
Gave up the real mastermind
behind the CCPD
hostage situation.
got my
get-out-of-jail-free card.
You squealed on Amunet?
I thought
she was your soul mate.
True love is a lie.
Damn straight.
Goldface's only sidekick
is cold. hard cash.
He ain't some bleeding heart.
Ain't it the truth.
And he sure as hell
doesn't stay up all night
reading "Dr. Zhivago."
then sobbing
when Yuri dies
before finding Lara.
Damn it. Carver!
You were told that
in confidence.
Book club will remain
a safe space.
Anyway. bye-bye.
No. no. wait.
I'm on another undercover
assignment as the Chemist.
I need to stop
a new group of Rogues
from punching a hole
in the timeline.
You talking about
the three that have been
pulling tech heists all week?
Yeah. I mean.
if they finish this machine.
they could go back in time
and steal your turf
before you even got
in the game.
Help us and you can
level the playing field
before that happens.
As the old proverb goes.
"The enemy of my enemy
is my friend."
- Yeah.
- Fine. Chemist.
What's your plan?
Um...
Well. it's kind of
a work in progress right now.
but here's what we're thinking.
Looks like Goldface has
a few friends.
Well. just like
the boss thought.
They'll find out soon enough.
And then. they'll scream.
Lot of gold
in these walls. Allen.
I'm supposed to believe
that you can afford all this
on a public servant's salary?
No. I'm missing something.
I'm gonna find out
what it is too.
Oh. you have no idea.
Hang on.
didn't you knock over
my operation back in 2016?
Operation?
Please. the place looked like
a farmers market.
Can we settle this later?
- Yeah.
You listen to the man.
all right?
This is a serious mission.
We're gonna save lives today.
Aren't you the fool that
opened up an active volcano
underneath Central City?
Oh. yeah. right after he
killed my favorite bartender.
I was cleared
of those charges.
You're not the smartest guy
in the room.
Exactly. I am.
So if I could have everyone's
attention. the plan--
Your bar plays
terrible music!
- Excuse me?
- You cost me more gold
than I can lift.
- Disco is dead. dude.
Can't be that much. then.
- Guys!
- Who cares?
The plan.
Ah.
Thank you.
So you're sure the same
person made all three weapons.
No doubt.
Mercer's boomerang.
Wozzeck's violin.
even Amar's knife.
all uniquely designed.
but I still can't track
where they've been manufactured
or by who.
This is my last chance
to break a story of a lifetime.
and all I have is
a bunch of tech
that nobody understands.
I am going to take five.
What's with folks today?
So then the four of you
will disable the generators
while I use my s--
CSI know-how
to open the vault
and grab the engine.
Any questions?
What happens once we score
the vibration engine?
Who gets it?
No one--no one gets it.
We'll bring it back
to S.T.A.R. Labs.
And then I'll return it
to the DOD as soon as possible.
That engine's worth
a cool mil.
If I'm gonna risk my
hard-earned freedom to get it.
I want my cut.
Guys. we all know
that if anybody should get it.
it's me.
I'm the only cryogenics
engineer in this room.
and. Barry. you know
I will put it to good use.
Guys. nobody's taking
the engine.
Well. now. I know
stealing's wrong. Bar.
but. you know.
I could use my cut
to put Harold through college.
Higher education. probably
a stretch for your offspring.
- Say that again. buddy.
- Okay. hey.
Look. if anybody deserves
that engine. it's me.
- Oh. my God.
- I came up with the plan.
I've been after it for months.
- Yeah. why?
So you can sell it
for yourself?
Oh. I don't need money.
Tech like that could push my
new gauntlets off the charts--
to protect my team.
Uh-huh. Yeah.
I'm doing this for me.
not your crew.
There he is. the guy who
sold out the woman he loves.
You got a big mouth.
Mm.
Pretty too.
Good thing
there's no gold in these.
That won't make a difference.
Hey. hey!
Nobody is taking the engine.
We're changing the plan.
all right?
No more splitting up.
I'm sticking with you.
Okay. we're all gonna
stick together. which means
I will be with all of you
every step of the way.
You know. gentlemen.
he doesn't seem to trust us.
Wanna know why?
We're just a bunch
of criminals to him.
You don't trust me either?
Guys. this mission is
too important
to risk screwing up.
Well then maybe
you shouldn't be
a part of it. Officer Allen.
You can't be serious.
This is a five-person plan.
Okay? You need me too.
Oof. not if I built
a cryo-circuit
to disable
the thermal generator.
See. 'cause then I could
take the engine myself...
yeah. and make this
a four-man job.
Looks like you've got
a mutiny. Caesar.
Guys. if we don't
get this engine first.
the whole timeline is at stake.
We have to work together.
Oh. we will.
Jaco.
I'm sorry. Barry.
If you can't trust us.
we can't trust you.
The whole team's gone.
And it's my fault.
Let me guess. they didn't
want Big Brother
watching their every move.
I've reworked this plan
from every angle.
I can't get the engine
without them.
Maybe they'll get it
before the other Rogues do?
Yeah. but if they don't.
the Rogues are gonna finish
the treadmill.
and then the whole timeline
will be in jeopardy.
Do you have any leads
on a benefactor?
No. All dead ends.
I guess we're both
running out of time.
I wish we were back in Paris.
Mm.
Hey. what is it?
Lately. our lives have been
all about what's coming
and how we can accomplish
all of these tasks
before little Nora gets here.
but there's nothing for me
to accomplish by myself.
And I'm just worried
that once we become parents...
You won't have time.
That's why you wanted to come
to the crime scene.
why you've been
pushing yourself so hard
to find out who's bankrolling
the Rogues.
Yeah.
I just feel like
if I don't break
one more big story
before Nora comes.
that I might not get
the chance.
Hey.
when you're pregnant.
and afterward.
when you're a mom.
you will still have time
to pursue your dreams.
Because when you need
that time. I'll be there
to change diapers
or stay up with a bottle
for late feedings.
Or I'll fight crime
on three hours of sleep.
I want you
to have everything.
Yeah. I want that
for you too. Barry.
I think
it's easier said than done.
I know. but we just have
to trust that
just like we're making time
for us as a couple now.
we'll also continue
to help each other grow.
Two Pulitzers. remember?
Maybe three.
Maybe we're not the only ones
who need the freedom
to follow our own paths.
Yeah. you're right.
I mean. I was so worried
about whether or not
we could trust these Rogues.
Now I need to give them
a reason to trust me.
Iris. stop the presses!
I've always wanted to say that.
Chester. look.
about earlier. I'm sorry
for pushing you too hard--
Oh. no. no. Thanks for that.
But turns out that was
just the push I needed.
So the Rogues' new toys
resemble advanced prototypes
being developed by the most
revolutionary company
in the game. Wayne Enterprises.
As in Gotham City?
How would the benefactor
get their hands on that?
I don't know.
But it looks like
we need to call Gotham.
Ah. the fresh air just
makes me feel so alive.
And it's the perfect break
from our scavenger hunt.
Those Starchives are
really dark and gloomy.
And we would have
been done by now
had you not asked a question
about every single gadget.
Do I make you uncomfortable?
I did vote against
you staying around.
so makes it kind of awkward.
Not for me.
Do I remind you
of Caitlin. or Frost?
Were you two close?
I have a complicated
relationship with family.
as in I don't have one.
And Frost was the closest thing
I had to a big sister.
And now I'm in this situation.
and I don't have anyone
to talk about it with.
Is the situation
with Chester?
Because you were
avoiding him earlier.
Are you in love with him?
What? No.
I mean. he seems very nice
and very smart.
He's a genius...
and a really good kisser.
But I can't get involved
right now. so...
Do you want
to kiss him again?
I could talk to him for you.
No. I'll--
I'll figure it out.
I see.
You're a daffodil.
A what?
A daffodil.
A daffodil seed doesn't want
to be hurt either.
so it clings to the stem.
when really.
in order for it to grow.
it should let go
so it can be carried
by the wind
and blossom into a flower.
You guys got room
for one more?
Look. Barry.
this isn't a good idea.
I was wrong.
We're gonna follow
Hartley's plan. split up.
Look. as soon
as you all started
fighting over the engine.
I took the easy way out.
I gave up on all of you.
instead of trusting
we could come up
with a fair solution.
Okay.
What might that be exactly?
Hartley's gonna
get the engine.
Yes!
As long as he promises
only to use it
to keep his team safe.
Yeah.
And pays you all 1/4 million
each in compensation.
What?
You said you didn't need
the money.
That's a fair trade.
Hang on.
Something's rotten in Denmark.
We left the city hours ago.
How were you able
to catch up with us?
And why do we need to disable
meta dampeners
so you can do "forensics"?
Dude. come on.
Even I figured it out.
Barry Allen's the Flash.
They have the same
Jitters order.
Officer Chemist is the--
yeah. no. I see it now.
All right. is there
anything else. gentlemen.
or do you think maybe
we should proceed?
Just don't drop my engine
when we get in there.
Okay. he always thinks
we're gonna drop something.
- Anybody hungry?
- I could eat.
Dampener's live.
I've got eyes on the vault.
Is everybody in position?
Affirmative.
Let's get this party started.
Ready to ice this sucker.
Time to light this match.
Okay.
Three. two. one. go.
Feel those gold circuits fry.
Come on. boys!
We got this!
It's working. Keep going.
I've got it.
Time to go.
What happened?
The generator's back on.
Nuh-uh.
No. mine's still down.
- Same here.
- Who dropped the ball?
Sorry. not sorry. Barry.
You want the engine
for yourself.
Mm-mm.
It's for my benefactor.
Why am I not surprised?
Barry. I'm on my way.
Game over. Barry Allen.
Why are you doing this?
You're never gonna
help me bring back Frost.
So I had no choice
but to join up
with someone who will.
For the record. my new boss
found me at O'Shaughnessy's
right before you did. Speedo.
Made me an offer
I couldn't refuse.
Look. I know you feel like
you've lost Frost
all over again--
Shut up!
You do not know
what it feels like
to lose the only person
who's ever loved you.
Think you can make it?
Run. Barry. run.
It didn't have
to be this way.
Finally somebody
worth killing. huh?
Now. Captain. it's gonna take
more than a few toys
to take me down.
I got the package.
Time to go.
You're lucky I'm in a rush.
Could've had some fun.
What the hell?
LIPS suck. by the way.
You should try listening
to a real band
like Joy Division.
They're very influential
to the industrial metal scene.
Oh. don't bands-plain
to me. hesher.
I'm saying they inspired
my new favorite band.
Nine Inch Nails.
No way.
That's my favorite band.
Wait... what?
I like your jacket.
I like your hair.
I like your chain wallet.
Rendezvous is in one minute.
so hustle.
No. Baby.
See you in the mosh pits.
hot stuff.
They're making off
with the engine.
Sorry. Barry.
No. they're not.
Where's our cold boy
on the inside?
Is this him?
We have to jet. now.
Nobody's going anywhere.
Hand over the engine.
Sorry. Goldilocks.
But I am all out of porridge.
What are we gonna do?
Can we really take on
all of them?
Yeah. we can.
Together.
What?
Thawne?
Where's your speed now.
Flash?
So the Rogues' new partner
is a speedster?
Yeah.
It was the scariest thing
I've ever seen.
And it gets worse.
He's using negative speed.
which is how he was able
to dampen my speed
for a few minutes.
Why would a speedster need
a time machine?
"And darkness and decay
and the Red Death held
illimitable dominion over all."
Edgar Allan Poe.
Then you know the story.
Seven revelers at a masquerade.
killed by the stranger
in their midst.
Look. I know
what you're all thinking.
But this is about more
than stealing tech now.
This new speedster.
I don't know who he is yet.
I don't know why he wants
to build a time machine.
But Team Flash can't
stop him on their own.
especially now if he has
his own Rogue army.
I need your help.
All of you.
Barry. this is not
what we signed up for.
But...
you know. I have a son
to keep safe in this town.
So I guess if you need me...
Fine.
I always did like
a good underdog story.
That. and if
Central City gets leveled.
you're out of business.
I said I'd help.
Find out who this guy is.
find out his weakness.
then call us.
I guess trusting them
wasn't a bad idea after all.
Yeah. I know.
I just keep thinking.
this speedster.
what if they're the new
Negative Speed Force Avatar?
Yeah. I feel like we just
got rid of the last one.
There's something else.
There was a symbol
on his armor.
It looked like a bat.
Barry. we have to talk
to Chester.
So I just got off the phone
with Luke Fox.
Mercer's boomerang.
Amar's knives.
even Wozzeck's funky violin.
Luke thinks they all resemble
advanced WayneTech designs.
But their nano-tech foundations
are beyond bleeding-edge.
So he has no idea
who we're up against.
What about this new speedster
wearing a bat symbol?
Team Bat's never fought
a baddie dressed like that.
But they have some drama
of their own.
A few weeks ago.
Ryan Wilder went out on patrol.
She never came back.
We got a new speedster
in a bat suit.
and Batwoman is missing?
Could that be a coincidence?
Okay. so what do we do now?
We find this new speedster.
And we stop him.
Got you your engine.
Oh. and now
you want a prize. abs?
I think he needs
a little upgrade
on his little bracelets.
All right. look. I kept
my end of the bargain.
It's time for you
to give me what I want.
- Mm...
- All right. fine.
Guess I'll take this little
puppy over to the Flash. then.
That would be a mistake.
Then give me
what you said you would.
a way to bring Frost back.
After my mission is complete.
That wasn't the deal.
It is now.
How am I even supposed
to trust you. huh?
I mean. we don't even know
who you are
underneath that mask.
I will tell you who I am.
I am vengeance.
Greg. move your head.